Thinking back, I thought I knew what it meant to show love, but I had a lot to learn.
Come on.
We're back this for hours.
We need sleep.
Just five minutes.
Ben?
Carl's been calling.
You really should pay him another visit.
Grace says he's not doing too good.
I will, I promise.
Just as soon as I get past this talk.
I'd known Carl and Grace since I was 17.
Carl had been my spiritual dad.
He was always there for me.
And with him being in and out of the hospital, I tried to be there for them.
But I'd just been so busy.
It seemed like so many new responsibilities hit me all at once.
Brother Capra, do you have a second?
Hey, Capra, maybe a little later, okay?
But I figured once my schedule freed up, I'd make more time for everyone, including Carl.
What I didn't realize is how quickly time can run out.
Grace said no one could know he'd pass so suddenly and not to beat myself up about it.
But I knew I would lament that decision for a long time.
I never again wanted to miss an opportunity to show love.
Brother Capra, do you have a second?
Hey, Kevin, how's it going?
What?
Realize that learning to show love more fully vind would help prepare us for what lay ahead.
Eventually, showing love would call for even greater sacrifices.
I'm so glad that I never gave up in learning to show love and that Jehovah never gave up on me.
When I see Carl, I have centuries of happy memories, centuries of showing him and all of my brothers and sisters, loyal love.